Beyond Trump's normal payoffs to political allies, the pardon power is made to be Trump's favorite power. It's a veritable begging, adoration, having people bow down before you machine. There will be no resisting.
Feels quite apt to be telling a story of U.K. steel workers in the U.S. on a day that Trump announces new tariffs. Promise there isn’t a 25% levy in tickets!!! #OperationCrucible @59E59
It's official, there's a Trump Party: The party of Lincoln has metastasized into the heinous aberration now known as the Trump Party -- a white nationalist hate group with a platform dedicated to white supremacy and the destruction of all democratic institutions once held sacred.
.@TomArnold, who is working on the Viceland series 'The Hunt for the Trump Tapes With Tom Arnold,' said there was a simple solution to the problem: taking away Barr's phone https://t.co/uEjW375Fdc
Compare ABC’s reaction to Roseanne Barr’s tweet w TBS’s non-reaction to Samantha Bee and you’ll see a double-standard in action. There’s no uprising against Bee. Why? Because she is liberal.  Because the MSM protects Obama and his aides, but not Trump. The hypocrisy is sickening.
Beyond Trump's normal payoffs to political allies, the pardon power is made to be Trump's favorite power. It's a veritable begging, adoration, having people bow down before you machine. There will be no resisting.
There's a point that everyone's missing with this @therealroseanne story: Trump had a hit TV show for a decade, right? Notice how his show was never canceled for him being a "racist"? I thought Trump was the biggest racist since Hitler? Or did he just become a racist in 2016?
Compare ABC’s reaction to Roseanne Barr’s tweet w TBS’s non-reaction to Samantha Bee and you’ll see a double-standard in action. There’s no uprising against Bee. Why? Because she is liberal.  Because the MSM protects Obama and his aides, but not Trump. The hypocrisy is sickening.
@vancityjoe @realDonaldTrump You know, you're right. I was wrong. About this article. There is indeed a New York Times article claiming that a document nobody has publicly seen says Trump told the Russians pressure was off him because of Comey's firing.
"There is no Republican party. There’s a Trump party. Republican party is kinda taking a nap somewhere," former Speaker Boehner says. https://t.co/HstTNpDeEH https://t.co/3m0Rxdi1Mn
